7/24/2020
its like 1:26 AM and i got bored so i got github. I've tried diary type systems before but i cant keep track of them, if this blows up i might take things more seriously.
But for now all i am is a person with a computer, im wearing 1 year old jeans because my house's AC is broken and all i have are sweatpants, jeans normally make me uncomfortable
but honeslty they can be comfy if they're made right. I honestly dont know what to talk about, but hey, maybe tomorrow I'll have more content to write, if i even write tomorrow.
Actually I'll write more, about me and why i made this, who I am (not doxxing myself though lol,) and what I want to do.
I made this because im bored and want github for misc reasons, I am a dooder with a half decent computer, and I want to learn code, I've tried learning before but not serious
attempts, I to make a serious attempt soon, I have a friend on discord who I wont name for their saftey, he is kind of a hacker, but not really, he knows how to use wireshark
and he also knows how to code so im going to see if he can teach me. I also have blender and plan to learn how to use it in the near future, but we'll see how that goes, I also
have very cute doggos, one named Mei, who is sooooooo cuuuute! China who is a CHONKER. And Elvis who is a gud boi, I've had elvis for the longest, then I got Chi, who was my
grandmas doggo, and then, funny stoty how I got the Mei, so my mom noticed that the neighbors doggo was tied up to the fence in the backyard with no food or water, so
she asked the neighbor after a few days and the neighbor said she didnt want her, well, she was the cutest thing I ever seen, she's a pitbull mixed with another breed of dog
that is a mystery, but if you were to see here you would'nt be alble to help but fall in awe, im not talking overused cool wow ,awe, but real, just, awe at how cute she is, right
now as im typing this she's right on my bed sleeping, and oh my fucking god, she is adorable, I acutally just a few seconds ago when I swapped keyboards loved on her a little
bit just to remind her, "nothing tops you." Enough on my dogs, even if they are the best c: i wanna mention that im not completly clueless when it comes to code, i can read it
just fine but i cant write for shit, if i we're to learn how i would instantly innovate anything i didnt like, dont like that glitch in windows, make your own linux OS
(not really but it would be the ultumate flex) i wanna do something, be someone, and i feel like code is my learning curve and speed bump, and once i learn one language
it shoudlt be too hard to learn another, obviously it wouldnt be easy even then but still. I feel like i ramble on too long about stuff. But hey i enjoy typing once im in a flow
pardon i just said fuck it halfway through on the capitalization but it made too many times where i had to go back and correct so i'm just giving up. now im running out of topics.
Finally i shall let your' brains rest. anyways if i write tomorrow it wont be nearly as long (I hope) but this time i just had to introduce myself a little bit. Anyways, see you next time
